Assessments docs (#53)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/notification-configurations.mdx

# Notification Configurations API

> Terraform Cloud can be configured to send notifications for run state transitions and workspace events. The configuration allows you to specify a destination URL, request type, and what events will trigger the notification. Each workspace can have up to 20 notification configurations, and they apply to all runs for that workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform Cloud can send notifications for run state transitions and workspace events. You can specify a destination URL, request type, and what events will trigger the notification. Each workspace can have up to 20 notification configurations, and they apply to all runs for that workspace.
```

Notifications are sent as the run progresses, and can be triggered on one or more types of state transition. These are specified in the `triggers` array attribute. Available triggers are:

| Display Name       | Value                   | Description                                                                                              |
| ------------------ | ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Created            | `"run:created"`         | When a run is created and enters the "Pending" state.                                                    |
> | Planning           | `"run:planning"`        | When a run acquires the lock and starts to execute.                                                      |
> | Needs Attention    | `"run:needs_attention"` | Human decision required. When a plan has changes and is not auto-applied, or requires a policy override. |
> | Applying           | `"run:applying"`        | When a run begins the apply stage, after a plan is confirmed or auto-applied.                            |
> | Completed          | `"run:completed"`       | When the run has completed on a happy path and can't go any further.                                     |
> | Errored            | `"run:errored"`         | When the run has terminated early due to error or cancellation.                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Created            | `"run:created"`         | A run is created and enters the [Pending stage](/cloud-docs/run/states#1-the-pending-stage)                                                    |
| Planning           | `"run:planning"`        | A run acquires the lock and starts to execute.                                                      |
| Needs Attention    | `"run:needs_attention"` | A plan has changes and Terraform requires user input to continue. This may include approving the plan or a [policy override](/cloud-docs/run/states#5-the-policy-check-stage). |
| Applying           | `"run:applying"`        | A run enters the [Apply stage](/cloud-docs/run/states#6-the-apply-stage), where Terraform makes the infrastructure changes described in the plan.                            |
| Completed          | `"run:completed"`       | A run has completed successfully.                                     |
| Errored            | `"run:errored"`         | A run has terminated early due to error or cancellation.                                          |
```

> | Drifted            | `"assessment:drifted"`  | When an assessment of the workspace has found drift                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Drifted            | `"assessment:drifted"`  | Terraform Cloud detected configuration drift. This is only available if [drift detection](/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) is enabled for the workspace.                                                     |
```

> | Drift Check Failed | `"assessment:failed`"   | When an assessment of the workspace has failed for some reason                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Drift Check Failed | `"assessment:failed`"   | A drift detection assessment failed. This is only available if [drift detection](https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/drift-detection) is enabled for the workspace.                                          |
```

## Notification Payload

> -> **Note:** Drift detection events do not yet support webhooks notifications

Reviewer: I know they are coming, but we make it a habit of not doing future-facing statements in docs. :) Also I thought we weren't having a note since it's launching so soon? Should I add one to the docs as well?

```suggestion
-> **Note:** Drift detection events do not support webhooks notifications.
```
